alright welcome back to another game
play of namco museum virtual arcade and
this game will be dig dug too hey guys
this is not the one you usually see like
playing called 3 and all that stuff in
FIBA all right and the one I made the
americas got top recap
oh no but this place takes place place
on an island
and if bukas and fly girls are back here
the drill power
it's very useful power
let's do that cuz
this may be easy
if I stood him up in the trap
Oh
this game seems easy to some people
none is getting a priest so fast
the hoop hookahs and fighters always
want to track you they're very tricky
I was a very very touching there
pretty nice strategy can handle it maybe
each stage is easily
Oh
this level haunts me not kidding
oh well that was a pretty quick gameplay
I hope you enjoyed it and see you guys
later next video